The Civic Desk
LONGMONT / CO
Story Queue
Daily Scan
Dark Signals
Verification
Workbench
Sources
AI Model
Publishing
Browser Pairing
Ethics & Backups
System & Status
Local AI ready
qwen2.5:7b

You're running an unsigned public beta of The Civic Desk. Windows SmartScreen may warn on install; that's expected. Report issues on GitHub.

Story Workbench

Modify drafted content, review guardrail warnings, and link source material when it helps the editor.

Back to Queue
Save Draft
Delete
Press-freedom / legal-risk advisor

Advisory only. Run this when you want risk notes, verification paths, and wording options. The publisher decides what to investigate, edit, hold, or publish.

Reviewing...
Distinguish verified facts, allegations, opinion, and unanswered questions.
Use extra care with private individuals, minors, medical details, addresses, and active legal matters.
Keep notes on source reliability and why publishing serves the community.
Story Title
Article Body (Markdown)
Plain Language Rewrite
Highlight text and click "Cite" in evidence pane to link.
Current Status: Approved for publishing
Send Back for More Work
Unapprove
Hold
Cut Story
Approve for Static Publish
I have reviewed this story and take responsibility for publishing it. This reminder is for the editor; the app does not make the publication decision.
Social Media Promo Pack
Generate Posts

Generate optimized posts for Twitter/X, Facebook, and Reddit based on the current draft.

Linked Sources
Citation ID: #3
Fetched: 6/30/2026
"Search tip! The HTML agenda bookmarks the video to the item on the agenda so you don&#8217;t have to search the video on YouTube to find the topic you are looking interested in. HTML agendas with video bookmarks are only published for City Council meetings and Planning &amp; Zoning Commission meetings.
Did you find this page helpful?
Welcome
Longmont is a diverse, multicultural and welcoming city.
Contact
Services
View All Services
Departments
View All Departments
Quick Links
Agendas and Meetings
Code Enforcement
Emergency Notifications
Employment Opportunities
Permits and Inspections
Public Records
Service Requests
Email Signup
Stay up-to-date on news and events in Longmont.
Sign Up
For questions or assistance, please contact our help and information line at  303-776-6050 .
facebook
instagram
youtube
whatsapp
Accessibility  Land Acknowledgment  InsideLongmont  Employee Login  Terms of Use  Privacy Policy
© 2026 City of Longmont, Colorado
search
Services
Back to Main
Accessibility
Activities
Building
Business
Education
Government
Housing
Human Services
Information
Jobs
Library
Licensing
Maintenance
Museum
NextLight Fiber Internet
Public Safety
Sustainability
Transportation
Utilities
Wellness
Explore All Services
Explore a comprehensive list of services provided by the City of Longmont. From public safety and utilities to parks and community programs, find all the resources you need in one place.
All Services
Departments
Back to Main
Airport
Boards, Committees and Commissions
Building Services
Children, Youth and Families at the Youth Center
City Attorney
City Clerk
City Council
City Manager
Community and Neighborhood Resources
Enterprise Technology Services
Environment
Finance
Forestry
Golf Services
Housing and Community Investment
Human Resources
Human Services
Judicial Department
Library
Longmont Housing Authority
Longmont Museum
Longmont Power &amp;  Communications
Municipal Court
Municipal Probation
NextLight Fiber Internet
Parks and Natural Resources
"
Link Citation
Citation ID: #4
Fetched: 6/30/2026
"Planning and Development Services
Public Information
Public Safety
Purchasing and Contracts
Recreation Services
Risk Management
Senior Services
Transportation
Trash, Recycling, and Composting
Utilities and Public Works
Water
Explore All Departments
Discover all the departments that make up the City of Longmont&#8217;s government. Get detailed information on their roles, responsibilities, and how they serve the community.
All Departments
Government
News &#038; Alerts
Events
Careers
Contact
Subscribe to Email Updates
Email Address
Stay Connected
Get the latest updates from the City of Longmont
This is Longmont
The official newsletter of the City of Longmont
Weekly
Topics of Interest
Choose specific topics you want to hear about
Select all in this category
News &amp; Alerts
Latest news information, notices and alerts from the city
Events &amp; Activities
Community events, programs and activities happening in Longmont
Weekly
City Events
Downtown Events
Events for Kids
Job Announcements
Employment opportunities delivered to your inbox
Weekly
Department Newsletters
Subscribe to updates from specific city departments
Select all in this category
Longmont Library
Updates and registration information about library programs and events
Adult Programs
Children Programs (Infant - 5th Grade)
Technology + Computer Classes
Teens Program Notices (6th-12th graders)
This Month @ the Library
Longmont Museum
Events, exhibits and more from the museum
Auditorium Programs
Discovery Days (Early Childhood)
Museum Exhibits &amp; Events
Recreation
Activities, classes, sports and more
Sustainability
Project and program updates, including money-saving rebates and efficiency resources
Sustainable Business Program
Promotes environmental stewardship, economic vitality and social equity
Senior Center
Senior Center news and updates about upcoming programs and events
Vision Zero
Vision Zero projects, activities and how to get involved to improve transportation safety
Youth Center
"
Link Citation
Citation ID: #5
Fetched: 6/30/2026
"Helping families, children and youth in Longmont grow, succeed and reach their best potential
New
Language Preference
English
Spanish
Most of our email newsletters are currently published in English only. We&#039;re recording preferences if we add Spanish translations in the future.
Get City News in Spanish!
Follow our WhatsApp channel for City of Longmont news and updates in Spanish.
Join WhatsApp Channel →
Choose Your Subscriptions
Select the topics and departments you&#039;d like to hear from.
Subscribe to Selections
Skip
"
Link Citation

FORM_VALUES
[
  {
    "idx": 0,
    "tag": "INPUT",
    "label": "input-draft-title",
    "value": "New Agenda Management Portal Features Video Bookmarks for City Council and Planning & Zoning Commission Meetings"
  },
  {
    "idx": 1,
    "tag": "TEXTAREA",
    "label": "draft-editor-textarea",
    "value": "Longmont residents can now more easily access information during city council and planning and zoning commission meetings thanks to an updated agenda management portal. According to [Source](evidence:3), the new feature bookmarks videos directly to specific items on the agenda, eliminating the need to search YouTube for relevant topics.\n\nThis improvement was implemented because HTML agendas with video bookmarks are now exclusively published for these two types of meetings. The change aims to enhance transparency and accessibility by making it simpler for citizens to follow discussions related to their interests [Source](evidence:3).\n\nWhile this development is valuable, the exact impact on public engagement remains unclear. Residents who regularly attend or watch city council and planning and zoning commission meetings may find the new feature particularly useful, but its broader effects are yet to be fully assessed.\n\nEDITOR_NOTE: This looks like background material, not a publishable news story yet. To make it more relevant for Longmont residents, it would need to show a current development such as an increase in public attendance or feedback from community members on the new feature's effectiveness."
  },
  {
    "idx": 2,
    "tag": "INPUT",
    "label": "chk-attest",
    "value": "on"
  }
]