 
 
 
     
     
     
     
     Longmont Chamber outlines 2026 state-session issues - Longmont Cleanroom Beta Desk 
     
     
     
     :root { --accent-color: #5a1818; } 
 
 
     
        
          Longmont Cleanroom Beta Desk  
         Local news and community information. 
         
             Home 
             About 
             Ethics Policy 
             How We Report 
             Corrections Ledger 
             RSS Feed 
         
     

     
         
            
            
             Longmont Chamber outlines 2026 state-session issues 
             
                 Published: 2026-07-03T01:08:57.629840500+00:00 
                 Format:  brief  
             
            
             
                 According to the linked Longmont Area Chamber of Commerce source, Colorado lawmakers wrapped up the 2026 legislative session after debating budget, labor-rule, and energy-policy issues that the chamber said affected the local business community.  Source 
This brief stays in watch status for Longmont readers. The linked source does not by itself confirm a new local vote, cost, deadline, or agency action, so editors should look for a current public update before expanding it into a full story. 

             
            
             
                 Sources & Notes 
                 Source links attached by the editor: 
                 
                      [Ref 19]   Original Document Link :  "May 27, 2026     The Colorado General Assembly wrapped up its 2026 session, and as always, there was no shortage of action affecting our business community. From a billion-dollar state budget shortfall to new labor rules and energy policy debates, this was a session that demanded close attention and we were paying it.
This Is What Your Membership Makes Possible
Apr 28, 2026     From hiring a lobbyist to launching new networking groups and distributing $60,000 in nonprofit grants, this past year proved what Longmont businesses can accomplish together. CEO Scott Cook shares a look back at what your membership has made possible, and what is coming next.
Quality First, Always: Meet Caribou Office
Apr 15, 2026     Founded by Scott Gillies and Kyle Gustafson, Caribou Office delivers high-quality, health-focused office products at accessible prices. See why Longmont businesses are taking notice.
Our Community
We understand Longmont, and not just from a business perspective. The Longmont Area Chamber of Commerce is a conduit for our members to connect with the community. Every Chamber member is a partner when it comes to creating a stronger and more empathetic regional economy.
Email Address  *      First Name  *      Last Name  *
Follow   Follow     Follow   Follow     Follow   Follow
Our Community
We understand Longmont, and not just from a business perspective. The Longmont Area Chamber of Commerce is a conduit for our members to connect with the community. Every Chamber member is a partner when it comes to creating a stronger and more empathetic regional economy.
Follow      Follow      Follow
Are you ready to be a part of a bigger community?
Become a Member
- Top Supporters
We encourage and promote a balanced, thriving economy and preserve those unique qualities that are good for businesses and our community.
528 Main Street   Longmont, CO 80501   303-776-5295   Email Us
Become a Member
Member Login
Quick Links:"  
  [Ref 18]   Original Document Link :  "Longmont Area Chamber of Commerce - Longmont Area Chamber of Commerce
Membership
Benefits of Membership
Join the Longmont Chamber
Member Login
Our Members
Business Directory
Press Releases
Job Openings
Offers &amp; Deals
Volunteer Opportunities
Advocacy
Events
Calendars
Chamber Events
Community Calendar
Business Excellence Awards
Unity in the Community
Longmont Chamber Golf Tournament
State of the City
Networking
Programs
Leadership Longmont
Workers&#x27; Compensation Safety Program
About
Team
Blog
Longmont Community Profile
Join Now
Select Page
We
Speak
Lo